# GDPR Commitment

_Effective: May 14, 2018_

_Updated: May 14, 2018_

## Background

The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is an important piece of
legislation that is designed to strengthen and unify data protection laws for
all individuals within the European Union. The regulation will become effective
and enforceable on the 25th May 2018.

_Our commitment:_ At Range Labs, Inc., we are committed to achieving full
compliance with the applicable GDPR regulations, and we’ll work with our
customers to help them understand how we are approaching the privacy and
security of their information.

Questions about our data policies may be directed to our Data Privacy Officer at
[pupius@range.co](mailto:pupius@range.co).

## Privacy Rights

GDPR is a legal framework that enforces common sense data privacy protections
that we all want.

Below is how we address the most important of these rights:

**Informed consent:** Whenever we request personal data from our users, we
explain why we require that data. Our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy.html)
outlines how we use data.

**Erasure:** When a customer requests to delete all the data provided to us we
delete all the data sources they have provided us.

**Restriction of Processing:** Any user may request to restrict processing of
their data at any time. Once requested, Range will (a) make that person’s
information invisible to other users, and (b) stop processing all information
provided by that user.

**Data portability:** Any customer organization may request to export their data
at any time.

**Rectification:** Any person may request to alter the data about themselves in
Range as long as they verify their identity.

**Access:** Users may request an export of all the personal information we have
about them. This will be provided within 28 days of receipt of the request.

To request support for any of the above, please email
[feedback@range.co](mailto:feedback@range.co).

## Data Processing

In addition to the privacy requirements, GDPR also regulates how we process our
customer’s information. Below is how we address the most important of these
requirements:

**Onward transfer:** In all cases where we transfer personal information to a
3rd party, we ensure that we have GDPR-compliant Data Processor Agreement in
place with those third parties prior to transferring any customer data to them.

**Data Security:** Security is a priority for us. For more information about how
we protect the security of our customer data, as well as our practices regarding
notifications of breaches, you may request a copy of our Information Security
Policies by emailing [feedback@range.co](mailto:feedback@range.co).

**Access:** Users may request an export of all the information we have about
them, as well as all the information we have collected from them. This will be
provided within 28 days of receipt of the request.
