# Range Privacy Policy

Privacy is important. We respect yours. Our goal is to do more than we have to by law — we want to
earn your trust that we are careful with your data.

* _Effective: August 1, 2017_
* _Last Updated: January 11, 2018_

### General information

This policy sets out our privacy practices and explains how Range Labs Inc. (“Range”) handles the
information we collect when you visit and use our sites, services, mobile applications, products,
and content (“Services”).

### What we may collect

We collect information about what Range pages you access, information about your mobile device (such
as device or browser type), information you send us (such as an email address used to register or
communicate with us), and referral information. When you use Range Services, we may collect and
store your Internet Protocol address. We may use this information to fight spam and other abuse; to
personalize Range Services; or to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how people
use Range Services. When you create your Range account and authenticate via a third-party service,
like Google, we may collect, store, and periodically update profile information associated with that
third-party account. If you choose to authenticate with other services, during sign up or otherwise,
you are giving Range the permission to use, share, and store associated data in a manner consistent
with this Privacy Notice.

#### Integrations

When you connect your Range account with a third-party service we may collect and store information
associated with that third-party account and underlying resources. We make efforts to limit data
collection to the minimum required to provide the service to you.

**Slack**:

We register a Slackbot with your workspace. We may send direct messages. We may post in channels the
bot has been invited too. We may store the content of messages that directly mention the bot. We may
store changes to do-not-disturb and presence state.

Admin scopes:

* `bot`
* `channels:read`
* `chat:write:bot`
* `dnd:read`
* `reactions:read`
* `reactions:write`
* `team:read`

User scopes:

* `identity.basic`

**Google**:

When you create your account we may store profile information and use Google data to verifiy your
identity and membership of an organization. If you connect Google Drive, we register for push
[notifications](https://developers.google.com/drive/v3/web/push) and store metadata about the
activity associated with connected accounts.

Sign-in scopes:

* `userinfo.profile`
* `userinfo.email`

Admin scopes:

* `drive.readonly`

User scopes:

* `drive.readonly`

**GitHub**:

We register [webhooks](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/) and store metadata about the activity
associated with connected accounts. We don't have access to repos or source code.

Admin scopes:

* `user:email`
* `admin:org_hook`
* `read:org`

User scopes:

* `user:email`

**Asana**:

We register [webhooks](https://asana.com/developers/api-reference/events) and store metadata about
the activity associated with connected accounts.

Admin scopes:

* `default`

User scopes:

* `default`

**Jira**:

Jira requires manual configuration. We request that you configure a
[webhook](https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/webhooks/) such that we can collect
and store metadata about the activity associated with connected accounts.

### Email from Range

Sometimes we’ll send administrative emails about account or service changes, or new policies. You
can’t opt out of them. You can always opt out of non-administrative emails such as daily
notifications. We won’t email you to ask for your password or other account information. If you
receive such an email, send it to us so we can investigate.

### Disclosure of your information

As a rule, we don’t share your organization’s information outside the company.

We won’t sell your organization’s information.

We may share your organization’s information with third parties in limited circumstances, including:
(1) with your consent; (2) to a vendor or partner who meets our data protection standards; or (3)
when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena or other
legal process.

If we’re going to share your information in response to legal process, we’ll give you advance notice
so you can challenge it (for example by seeking court intervention), unless we’re prohibited from
doing so by law or court order. We will object to requests for information about users of our site
that we believe to be improper.

If we merge with another company such that your information will become subject to a different
privacy policy, we’ll notify you before the transfer. You can opt out of the new policy by deleting
your account during the notice period.

### Additional access to information during the Alpha

During the Range Alpha development period, we will be actively monitoring usage by organizations so
that we can improve the product. In order to understand how you are using our Services, we may
occasionally access and inspect your organization’s information (for example the updates you
publish). Information used for this purpose will be kept in confidence and will not be shared
outside the company. If you are concerned about access to your information, please
[let us know](mailto:feedback@range.co).

### Cookies

We use cookies and similar technologies such as pixels and local storage to recognize you when you
return to our Services. We use them in various ways, for example to log you in, remember your
preferences, evaluate email effectiveness, and personalize information.

Some third-party services that we use, such as Intercom or Google Analytics, may place their own
cookies in your browser. This Privacy Policy covers use of cookies by Range only and not the use of
cookies by third parties.

### Data Storage

Range uses third-party vendors and hosting partners, such as Amazon, for hardware, software,
networking, storage, and related technology we need to run Range.

### Data security

We use encryption (HTTPS/TLS) to protect data transmitted to and from our site. However, no data
transmission over the Internet is 100% secure, so we can’t guarantee security. You use the Service
at your own risk, and you’re responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account (like
using a strong password).

### Changes to this policy

Range may periodically update this Policy. We’ll notify you about significant changes to it. The
most current version of the policy will always be
[here](https://github.com/habitat-labs/habitat-policy) and we will archive former versions of the
policy as well.

### Questions

We welcome questions, concerns, and feedback about this policy at
[feedback@range.co](mailto:feedback@range.co).
