# Habitat Terms of Service

Effective: August 1, 2017

These Terms of Service (“Terms”) are a contract between you and Habitat Labs Inc. (“Habitat”). They
govern your use of Habitat’s sites, services, mobile apps, products, and content (“Services”). By
using Habitat, you agree to these Terms. If you don’t agree to any of the Terms, you can’t use
Habitat. We can change these Terms at any time. We will keep a historical record of all changes to
our Terms. If a change is material, we’ll let you know before they take effect. By using Habitat on
or after that effective date, you agree to the new Terms. If you don’t agree to them, you should
delete your account before they take effect, otherwise your use of the site and content will be
subject to the new Terms.

### Content rights & responsibilities

Your organization owns the rights to the content you create and post on Habitat.

You and your organization are responsible for the content you post. This means you assume all risks
related to it, including someone else’s reliance on its accuracy, or claims relating to intellectual
property or other legal rights.

We can remove any content you post for any reason.

### Our content and services

We reserve all rights in Habitat’s look and feel. Some parts of Habitat are licensed under
third-party open source licenses. We also may make some of our own code available under open source
licenses. As for other parts of Habitat, you may not copy or adapt any portion of our code or visual
design elements (including logos) without express written permission from Habitat unless otherwise
permitted by law.

You may not do, or try to do, the following: (1) access or tamper with non-public areas of the
Services, our computer systems, or the systems of our technical providers; (2) access or search the
Services by any means other than the currently available, published interfaces (e.g., APIs) that we
provide; (3) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or
posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying
information; or (4) interfere with, or disrupt, the access of any user, host, or network, including
sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the
creation of content or accounts in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on
the Services.

Crawling the Services is allowed if done in accordance with the provisions of our robots.txt file,
but scraping the Services is prohibited.

We may change, terminate, or restrict access to any aspect of the service, at any time, without
notice.

### No children

Habitat is only for people 13 years old and over. By using Habitat, you affirm that you are over 13.
If we learn someone under 13 is using Habitat, we’ll terminate their account.

### Security

If you find a security vulnerability on Habitat, please tell us.

### Incorporated rules and policies

By using the Services, you agree to let Habitat collect and use information as detailed in our
Privacy Policy. If you’re outside the United States, you consent to letting Habitat transfer, store,
and process your information (including your personal information and content) in and out of the
United States.

### Miscellaneous

**Disclaimer of warranty**. Habitat provides the Services to you as is. You use them at your own
risk and discretion. That means they don’t come with any warranty. None express, none implied. No
implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, availability, security, title
or non-infringement.

**Limitation of Liability**. Habitat won’t be liable to you for any damages that arise from your
using the Services. This includes if the Services are hacked or unavailable. This includes all of
types of damages (indirect, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary). And it includes all
kinds of legal claims, such as breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, or any other loss.

**No waiver**. If Habitat doesn’t exercise a particular right under these Terms, that doesn’t waive
it.

**Severability**. If any provision of these terms is found invalid by a court of competent
jurisdiction, You agree that the court should try to give effect to the parties’ intentions as
reflected in the provision and that other provisions of the Terms will remain in full effect.

**Choice of law and jurisdiction**. These Terms are governed by California law, without reference to
its conflict of laws provisions. You agree that any suit arising from the Services must take place
in a court located in San Francisco, California.

**Entire agreement**. These Terms (including any document incorporated by reference into them) are
the whole agreement between Habitat and you concerning the Services.

Questions? Let us know at [feedback@habitat-labs.com](mailto:feedback@habitat-labs.com).
